
        ***********************************************
        *                                             *
        *             Shapelets IDL code              *
        *                                             *
        * © 2004 Richard Massey & Alexandre Refregier * 
        *                                             *
        ***********************************************

	     
Shapelets IDL code copyright © 2004 Richard Massey and
Alexandre Refregier. This requires IDL v5.4 or above to have been
installed on your computer, but the main commands can also be run
directly from a UNIX or Linux prompt via simple shell scripts, which
are bundled with the files. A stand-alone set of core routines is
included in this distribution, to decompose images into shapelets and
to manipulate them; we would be interested to collaborate with anyone
requiring more advanced applications.

The Shapelets code is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

The Shapelets code is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the file
COPYING.txt which is also part of this distribution.

Additional documentation is available from the shapelets web site at
http://www.astro.caltech.edu/~rjm/shapelets/ .


AUTHORS:
========

The shapelets code was written by Richard Massey and Alexandre
Refregier. Please at least acknowledge use of the code in any
resulting work, and reference papers Refregier 2003 (MNRAS 338 35)
and Massey & Refregier 2004 (MNRAS submitted). If you make very
extensive use of the code, we'd love to be on the author list. But
whatever happens to the code, we would always be most interested to
hear about any use you've found for shapelets via
rjm@astro.caltech.edu . Thanks!
 

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS:
=================

We are very grateful to David Bacon and Tzu-Ching Chang for their
help developing the shapelets formalism and their contributions to
some of the IDL routines. Thanks also to Alain Bonissent for his
careful bug-fixing and optimisation of others. If anyone develops
further routines that other users might find useful, and which could
be included with the shapelets bundle, please do get in touch.
Thanks!

